Blocked Arteries Can Be Cured Without Surgery
Dr Richard Needle
Medical Intuitive/ Nutritionist
FOR YOU FREE PHONE CONSULTATION
CALL 770-612-3400
(Atlanta, GA)
Slide <Blocked arteries can be stopped by
addressing nutritional deficiencies. Allowing
the body to heal and detoxify itself.>
Interviewer: - Your program can cure or stop
Blocked arteries?
Dr. R. Needle: - Yes. There’s no need to
go in and have stents there’s no need in
alternative fields going in and removing the
plaque out of the arteries. Why don’t we
let Mother Nature, God, the healing take place,
if you give that body the right food, the
right water, the right supplementation, and
detoxify it, the body will heal itself, the
body will heal itself.
< (slide) ‘First remove the causes of sickness
and disease’
Medical doctors treat the symptoms with drugs
and surgery.>
Interviewer: - Dr Needle, what are the differences
between other healers, and what you do?
Dr. R. Needle: - First of all, we are all
familiar with our regular traditional medicine,
the medical doctor and they are treating symptoms
of the patients.
Secondly, are alternative healers and alternative
healers are using natural substances and they
are also treating the symptoms of their patients,
the alternative medical doctors such as naturopathic
physicians, alternative chiropractors and
nutritionists.
What my program does is not treat anybody’s
symptoms, I am removing the causes.
Interviewer: - How do you remove the causes
of sickness and disease?
Dr. R. Needle: - I’m bringing a balance
to that patient’s body, for its specific
genetics.
It is done with a 500 food-eating plan, it
is not a diet, and it explains, it goes over
what foods are causing sickness and disease
in the body, and those that are healthy.
For that specific blueprint: - of that particular
patient.
Number two, I am bringing the right nutritional
supplements, I have yet to have a patient
come to me that brings me their supplements,
and by the way, you don’t have to come to
me in Atlanta, Georgia, I work all over the
world, by phone. Most of my work is by phone.
I am using the blueprint of that individual
and getting the right combinations and the
absorption and assimilation of nutrients that
is basically non existent. People are guessing
and they are experimenting because that’s
all that’s out there.
My program gives this alternative which really,
really helps given the right water. People
have no idea what’s right, we cover that
as well.
Interviewer: - When you are talking about
‘Blueprint’, are you talking about genetics?
How does that work?
Dr. R. Needle: - Everyone has a specific DNA
and a genetic build up. No one is the same.
One size, never, never, never fits all and
so I am working through an ancient art that
I use, called Dowsing, with a pendulum. I
have been given a gift from God to be able
to bring in this information; it is expressed
through the vibration. It’s vibrational
medicine; it’s another name that you can
call it.
Interviewer: - Why are your supplements different
than those at Health food stores or on the
internet?
Dr. R. Needle: - I spent 2 years going around
the world to find, first of all the integrity
of that particular manufacturer and do they
produce, what they say they are going to produce,
which is on the labels. It took 2 years to
put my supplements together. It is Phyto-nutrient
therapy, when you take a multi vitamin therapy
and put it into your body. You are putting
isolated synthetic chemicals, and they don’t
work. The body doesn’t look at that as whole
food.
Phyto-nutrient or plant nutrient therapy that
I use has the whole food intact and though
it will safely excrete what it doesn’t need,
which even the natural multi vitamins, minerals,
anti oxidants which people have been taking,
they have been taken out from nature. Therefore
they are not going to bring the highest level
of operational healing which my particular
program offers.
Interviewer: - Do you pick up sickness and
disease earlier than modern medicine?
Dr. R. Needle:-
Absolutely, through this ancient art of dowsing,
I am able to pick up sickness and disease
way before modern medicines techniques, machines.
It is so exciting because, the good news is
that I am picking up something so early that
we can reverse it or stop it in its tracks.
CALL TODAY FOR YOUR FREE PHONE CONSULTATION
770- 612- 3400